what's going on y'all let's toss and I'm
ready to open up a big fat can of
whoop-ass here and uncharted 2 we got
some team deathmatch here on the lost
city map this is one of my favorite maps
on this game write him and try to run
down and get her RPG suck and blow
somebody at the hell up give me this
right quick and we're gonna see if we
can find these suckers and blow him up
my teammate is in some action he looks
like he got him a nice little sexy
looking double kill got a grenade and he
wouldn't whoop somebody's ass I don't
know who that dude is but he's got blown
sideways god oh let me get this deagle
as well oh he took that deagol that dude
I just killed took the deagle but it
looks like these suckers was coming from
up here so let's see if we can find a
couple of them hanging out in their
spawn like little biatches yeah I do see
that dude off in the distance let's see
if we can get real sneaky with it and by
sneaky with it I mean run up on the
motherfucking blow him the hell up
that's what I mean by getting sneaky
with him you sneaky with it nanana
nananana yo ass is fucking dead he blew
himself up or his teammate Bellomo what
the fuck
maybe wasted damn grenades gonna blow
your damn teammate let him motherfucker
know so he doesn't waste his damn rocket
launcher really suckers at though his
own form of tape I'm a neat dad all
right
no I did see a fool in here look at him
just running get your ass back over here
you only gonna die you keep spreading
around the damn place
she loves that damned eagle he's gonna
keep dying with it though I tell you
that oh damn I was sitting there
spraying him up this is a punk at his
teammate came up behind me and but
toc-toc oh lord what a damn name taco
lord avenge my pitiful death
well the fucking taco lord he's the man
right here what do see another sucker
over there SOLAS like i said before we
run upon him sneak up on him I don't
have a rocket launch at this time but we
definitely gonna kick your asses we're
gonna do you hide in there like a little
bitch but just sniper up give me this
shit right now im gonna snipe somebody
on the worst knife in the world ladies
and gentleman we're gonna see what I can
do with it though we're gonna see what I
can do with it I don't know where the
hell they're coming from let's get up on
this side here they might be coming from
these stairs bullet come from behind me
that definitely worth damn well where do
you see my little character what the
hell did she do what oh thank you
taco Lord Thank You taco Lord I don't
know why but I put the damn I put the
barrel right in the deuce chest but that
didn't get the damn kill but luckily
taco Lord saved my black ass if he was
chicken lord I love him I wrote them
racist but ladies fools at man hiding
all over the place I do see I see your
punk ass wait to go fool where'd you go
stick your damn head out good job sucker
you dropped let's go back this way let
make that do leave the game you see Lula
kill this little kill count on the lower
left-hand side didn't snipe that do to
make him Oh what I'm gonna fuck out of
there I swear to God I hit that dude man
oh it snapped up him
damn I rolled right out of the fire out
of the fire pan into the fire whatever
that damn saying is my teammate is right
on top of those two assholes
oh no what the hell man never gonna pick
that sniper rifle up again I swear man I
had the damn crosses right on to do but
I was not able to get the kill my
teammates doing the damn thing over here
my teammate where you going sucker what
you're picking up drop it just drop it
hey good job what you have right here
Mossberg shop good I will take it and I
will blow somebody away with it let's
see if we can pick up this dingo real
quick diva
oh yeah the big-boy hand grenades going
off all over the damn place you all
right Timmy
he's going up this realm go this way
what the hell these fools that never
this man will go follow my teammate oh
my goodness you all right oh my god
damn what are these dudes what the hell
that just happened to those two oh I see
you I see sucker yeah drop that damn
rocket launcher bitch and get deagle DUP
give me this shit right here I'm ready
to blow somebody up I'm ready to blow
somebody 'hail up it might be coming
from this way I don't know which way
they're coming from let's go keep going
up this way well there's something come
from this way look at you built
standstill just shot her
god damn as a lethal combination man oh
dude right here I think that's Gabriel
Roman from the first game that dudes get
his ass whooped this every time I see
him he's flying around somewhere because
you got blown the hell up
apparently I can't climb that so let's
get up on this side right here there's
nobody going this so let's check down
this way we are just absolutely Terran
either dudes up man 29 to 10 these guys
are getting smoked that deagol isn't
there so that dude that keeps going to
the deagles may have it he might be
around here somewhere these fools that
man get they ass up and then they start
hiding over Nate we're not oh let's get
down here people getting blown up killed
Oh chucka shotgun Chaka Sally
good job bitch you drop that grenade
yeah give me this Mossberg man every
time they keep running up on me these
sexy ass weapons the next weapon is
sexier than the last weapon no you
fucking use the shotgun to any goodness
let's get the shit outta me Trey get the
hell away from me get the hell away from
your tree oh I see great Gabriel your
little ass over here
where you going sucker
yeah motherfucker blind-fire with the
shotgun and uncharted is just a lethal
combination my teammate just got beat
down over here with his where's the guy
that just did him in I don't know he
might be over here this way somewhere I
still got this sexy as deagle get some
bullets for that I hit a deep we're
going off where's it going off at
brother oh my oh no they just hiding all
over the place that little bitch is
trying to snipe you're doing whatever
the hell they trying to do
oh there he goes yeah bitch give some of
that deagol right in your chest feel
good cuz I needed that do didn't send a
damn chance right there
we're whooping that ass and they're just
ridiculous fashion ladies and gentlemen
did you see what you see he's just
tossing grenades like a little beeyotch
you give one of those two motherfucker
right in your lap don't run from the
grenade you little bitch
walk fly get your ass whooped oh my god
just broke out all this three of us
chasing him but dogon oh man I was a
crazy lend into the game right there
we definitely did them dirty a quick
little uncharted Team Deathmatch for you
guys hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
show the video some love and I'll see
y'all in the next one